Improve wording of labelmap action (#10297)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/configuration/configuration.md

* `keep`: Drop targets for which `regex` does not match the concatenated `source_labels`.
* `drop`: Drop targets for which `regex` matches the concatenated `source_labels`.
* `hashmod`: Set `target_label` to the `modulus` of a hash of the concatenated `source_labels`.

> * `labelmap`: Ignore `source_labels` and match `regex` against all source label names. Then

Reviewer: IMO this is still a little bit confusing and could imply that regex is being matched against all source labels _except_ (ignoring) the `source_labels`.

```suggestion
* `labelmap`: Match `regex` against all source label names, not just those specified in `source_labels`. Then
```

Maybe something like this is better?

> * `labelmap`: Ignore `source_labels` and match `regex` against all source label names. Then

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `labelmap`: Match `regex` against all label names (ignoring `source_labels`). Then copy the values of the matching labels
```
